ref(flags): add platform-specific content and refactor JS integration docs (#12172)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/common/configuration/integrations/featureflags.mdx

<Alert level="info">

> This integration only works inside a browser environment, and you must install
> from npm.

Reviewer: This makes it sound like we can only use `npm` (the client) to install.

```suggestion
This integration only works inside a browser environment and only from a package-based install (for example, via `npm` or `yarn`).
```

</Alert>

<Alert level ="info">

> If you are using an external feature flag provider, refer to the supported list [here](/platforms/javascript/feature-flags/#enable-evaluation-tracking) before setting up this integration.

Reviewer: Generally, try to avoid "here" links -- you can link from more contextual text

```suggestion
If you are using an external feature flag provider, refer to the [supported list](/platforms/javascript/feature-flags/#enable-evaluation-tracking) before setting up this integration.
```
